{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\nouicompat{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Courier New;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 6.3.9600}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\f0\fs18\lang1033 PRIVACY POLICY\par
\par
This Privacy Policy was last updated on February 18th, 2013.\par
\par
Our Policy:\par
\par
Welcome to the mobile web site (the "Site") of Swarm Solutions, Inc. ("Swarm", "we", "us" and/or "our"). This Site is operated by Swarm and has been created to provide information about our company and our in-store shopping related services (together with the Site, the "Services") to our Service visitors ("you", "your"). This Privacy Policy sets forth Swarm's policy with respect to information including personally identifiable data ("Personal Data") and other information that is collected from visitors to the Site and Services.\par
\par
Information We Collect:\par
\par
When you interact with us through the Services, we may collect Personal Data and other information from you, as further described below:\par
\par
Personal Data That You Provide Through the Services: We collect Personal Data from you when you voluntarily provide such information, such as when you contact us with inquiries, respond to one of our surveys, register for access to the Services or use certain Services. Wherever Swarm collects Personal Data we make an effort to provide a link to this Privacy Policy.\par
\par
By voluntarily providing us with Personal Data, you are consenting to our use of it in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you provide Personal Data to the Services, you acknowledge and agree that such Personal Data may be transferred from your current location to the offices and servers of Swarm and the authorized third parties referred to herein located in the United States. \par
\par
Other Information: \par
\par
Non-Identifiable Data: When you interact with Swarm through the Services, we receive and store certain personally non-identifiable information. Such information, which is collected passively using various technologies, cannot presently be used to specifically identify you. Swarm may store such information itself or such information may be included in databases owned and maintained by Swarm affiliates, agents or service providers. The Services may use such information and pool it with other information to track, for example, the total number of visitors to our Site, the number of visitors to each page of our Site, and the domain names of our visitors' Internet service providers. It is important to note that no Personal Data is available or used in this process.\par
\par
Aggregated Personal Data: In an ongoing effort to better understand and serve the users of the Services, Swarm often conducts research on its customer demographics, interests and behavior based on the Personal Data and other information provided to us. This research may be compiled and analyzed on an aggregate basis, and Swarm may share this aggregate data with its affiliates, agents and business partners. This aggregate information does not identify you personally. Swarm may also disclose aggregated user statistics in order to describe our services to current and prospective business partners, and to other third parties for other lawful purposes.\par
\par
Location Information: Our Service may collect and use your location information (for example, by using the GPS on your mobile device) to provide certain functionality of our Service. We may also use your location information in an aggregate way, as described above in the "Aggregated Personal Data" section.\par
\par
Our Use of Your Personal Data and Other Information:\par
\par
Swarm uses the Personal Data you provide in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy. If you provide Personal Data for a certain reason, we may use the Personal Data in connection with the reason for which it was provided. For instance, if you contact us by email, we will use the Personal Data you provide to answer your question or resolve your problem. Also, if you provide Personal Data in order to obtain access to the Services, we will use your Personal Data to provide you with access to such services and to monitor your use of such services. Swarm and its subsidiaries and affiliates (the "Swarm Related Companies") may also use your Personal Data and other personally non-identifiable information collected through the Services to help us improve the content and functionality of the Services, to better understand our users and to improve the Services. Swarm and its affiliates may use this information to contact you in the future to tell you about services we believe will be of interest to you. In addition, if at any time you wish not to receive any future marketing communications or you wish to have your name deleted from our mailing lists, please contact us as indicated below.\par
\par
If Swarm intends on using any Personal Data in any manner that is not consistent with this Privacy Policy, you will be informed of such anticipated use prior to or at the time at which the Personal Data is collected. \par
\par
Our Disclosure of Your Personal Data and Other Information:\par
\par
Swarm is not in the business of selling your information. We consider this information to be a vital part of our relationship with you. There are, however, certain circumstances in which we may share your Personal Data with certain third parties without further notice to you, as set forth below: \par
\par
Business Transfers: As we develop our business, we might sell or buy businesses or assets. In the event of a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar event, Personal Data may be part of the transferred assets.\par
\par
Related Companies: We may also share your Personal Data with our Related Companies for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy.\par
\par
Agents, Consultants and Related Third Parties: Swarm, like many businesses, sometimes hires other companies to perform certain business-related functions. Examples of such functions include mailing information, maintaining databases and processing payments. When we employ another entity to perform a function of this nature, we only provide them with the information that they need to perform their specific function.\par
\par
Marketing.  Swarm may share certain information based on the content of the Web pages you visit via the Service and registration information you provide with trusted third parties who offer products and/or services that we feel may be of interest to users of the Service.  If you do not want your personal information shared with these third parties, please click on the following opt-out link to inform us of your preference.\par
\par
Legal Requirements: Swarm may disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to (i) comply with a legal obligation, (ii) protect and defend the rights or property of Swarm, (iii) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of the Services or the public, or (iv) protect against legal liability.\par
\par
Your Choices:\par
\par
You can visit the Site without providing any Personal Data. If you choose not to provide any Personal Data, you may not be able to use certain Services. \par
\par
Exclusions:\par
\par
This Privacy Policy does not apply to any Personal Data collected by Swarm other than Personal Data collected through the Services. This Privacy Policy shall not apply to any unsolicited information you provide to Swarm through the Services or through any other means. This includes, but is not limited to, information posted to any public areas of the Services, such as forums, any ideas for new products or modifications to existing products, and other unsolicited submissions (collectively, "Unsolicited Information"). All Unsolicited Information shall be deemed to be non-confidential and Swarm shall be free to reproduce, use, disclose, and distribute such Unsolicited Information to others without limitation or attribution.\par
\par
Children:\par
\par
Swarm does not knowingly collect Personal Data from children under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 13, please do not submit any Personal Data through the Services. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children's Internet usage and to help enforce our Privacy Policy by instructing their children never to provide Personal Data on the Services without their permission. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided Personal Data to Swarm through the Services, please contact us, and we will endeavor to delete that information from our databases.\par
\par
Links to Other Web Sites:\par
\par
This Privacy Policy applies only to the Services. The Services may contain links to other web sites not operated or controlled by Swarm (the "Third Party Sites"). The policies and procedures we described here do not apply to the Third Party Sites. The links from the Services do not imply that Swarm endorses or has reviewed the Third Party Sites. We suggest contacting those sites directly for information on their privacy policies.\par
\par
Security:\par
\par
Swarm takes reasonable steps to protect the Personal Data provided via the Services from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. However, no Internet or email transmission is ever fully secure or error free. In particular, email sent to or from the Services may not be secure. Therefore, you should take special care in deciding what information you send to us via email. Please keep this in mind when disclosing any Personal Data to Swarm via the Internet.\par
\par
Other Terms and Conditions:\par
\par
Your access to and use of the Services is subject to the Terms of Service at {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.swarm-mobile.com/terms }}{\fldrslt{http://www.swarm-mobile.com/terms\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs18 .\par
\par
Changes to Swarm's Privacy Policy:\par
\par
The Services and our business may change from time to time. As a result, at times it may be necessary for Swarm to make changes to this Privacy Policy. Swarm reserves the right to update or modify this Privacy Policy at any time and from time to time without prior notice. Please review this policy periodically, and especially before you provide any Personal Data. This Privacy Policy was last updated on the date indicated above. Your continued use of the Services after any changes or revisions to this Privacy Policy shall indicate your agreement with the terms of such revised Privacy Policy.\par
\par
Access to Information; Contacting Swarm:\par
\par
To keep your Personal Data accurate, current, and complete, please contact us as specified below. We will take reasonable steps to update or correct Personal Data in our possession that you have previously submitted via the Services. \par
\par
Please also feel free to contact us if you have any questions about Swarm's Privacy Policy or the information practices of the Services.\par
\par
You may contact us as follows: info@swarm-mobile.com\par
\par
Swarm Solutions, Inc.\par
\par
TERMS OF SERVICE\par
\par
Date of Last Revision: February 18th, 2013\par
\par
Welcome to Swarm!\par
\par
Swarm Solutions, Inc. ("Swarm," "we," "us," "our") provides its services (described below) to you through its mobile website and related services (collectively, such services, including any new features and applications, the "Service(s)"), subject to the following Terms of Service (as amended from time to time, the "Terms of Service").  We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change or modify portions of these Terms of Service at any time without further notice.  You should periodically visit this page to review the current Terms of Service so you are aware of any revision to which you are bound.  If we do this, we will post the changes to these Terms of Service on this page and will indicate at the top of this page the date these terms were last revised.  Your continued use of the Service after any such changes constitutes your acceptance of the new Terms of Service.  If you do not agree to abide by these or any future Terms of Service, do not use or access (or continue to use or access) the Service.\par
\par
In addition, when using certain services, you will be subject to any additional terms applicable to such services that may be posted on the Service from time to time, including, without limitation, the Privacy Policy located at {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.swarm-mobile.com/terms }}{\fldrslt{http://www.swarm-mobile.com/terms\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs18  All such terms are hereby incorporated by reference into these Terms of Service.\par
\par
Access and Use of the Service\par
\par
Services Description:  The Service, which is provided by Swarm and operated by select retail establishments or stores (each, a "Retailer"), is designed to provide you with an in-store digital experience while you are physically located at such Retailer with the intent to purchase or conduct business.  You may use the Service only while located at the Retailer.\par
\par
Your Registration Obligations: You may be required to register with Swarm in order to access and use certain features of the Service.  If you choose to register for the Service, you agree to provide and maintain true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by the Service's registration form.  Registration data and certain other information about you are governed by our Privacy Policy. If you are under 13 years of age, you are not authorized to use the Service, with or without registering.  In addition, if you are under 18 years old, you may use the Service, with or without registering, only with the approval of your parent or guardian.\par
\par
Member Account, Password and Security: You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and account, if any, and are fully responsible for any and all activities that occur under your password or account. You agree to (a) immediately notify Swarm of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of security, and (b) ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session when accessing the Service. Swarm will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with this Section.\par
\par
Modifications to Service: Swarm reserves the right to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Service (or any part thereof) with or without notice. You agree that Swarm will not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the Service.\par
\par
General Practices Regarding Use and Storage: You acknowledge that Swarm will provide the Service in 60 minute increments and will automatically disconnect at the end of the 60 minute session.  You acknowledge that Swarm may establish general practices and limits concerning use of the Service, including without limitation the maximum period of time that data or other content will be retained by the Service and the maximum storage space that will be allotted on Swarm's servers on your behalf. You agree that Swarm has no responsibility or liability for the deletion or failure to store any data or other content maintained or uploaded by the Service. You further acknowledge that Swarm reserves the right to change these general practices and limits at any time, in its sole discretion, with or without notice.\par
\par
Mobile Services: The Service is available via a mobile device, including the ability to browse the Service and the Site from a mobile device.  To the extent you access the Service through a mobile device, your wireless service carrier's standard charges, data rates and other fees may apply. In addition, downloading, installing, or using certain Services may be prohibited or restricted by your carrier, and not all Services may work with all carriers or devices. By using theServices, you agree that we may communicate with you regarding Swarm and other entities by SMS, MMS, text message or other electronic means to your mobile device and that certain information about your usage of the Services may be communicated to us.\par
\par
Conditions of Use\par
\par
User Conduct: The following are examples of the kind of content and/or use that is illegal or prohibited by Swarm.  Swarm reserves the right to investigate and take appropriate legal action against anyone who, in Swarm's sole discretion, violates this provision, including without limitation, removing the offending content from the Service, suspending or terminating the account of such violators and reporting you to the law enforcement authorities.  You agree to not use the Service to:\par
\par
email or otherwise upload any content that (i) infringes any intellectual property or other proprietary rights of any party; (ii) you do not have a right to upload under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships; (iii) contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment; (iv) poses or creates a privacy or security risk to any person; (v) constitutes unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, commercial activities and/or sales, "junk mail," "spam," "chain letters," "pyramid schemes," "contests," "sweepstakes," or any other form of solicitation; (vi) is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, excessively violent, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, pornographic, libelous, invasive of another's privacy, hateful racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable; or (vii) in the sole judgment of Swarm, is objectionable or which restricts or inhibits any other person from using or enjoying the Service, or which may expose Swarm or its users to any harm or liability of any type;\par
\par
interfere with or disrupt the Service or servers or networks connected to the Service, or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to the Service; or violate any applicable local, state, national or international law, or any regulations having the force of law; impersonate any person or entity, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity; solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 18; harvest or collect email addresses or other contact information of other users from the Service by electronic or other means for the purposes of sending unsolicited emails or other unsolicited communications; advertise or offer to sell or buy any goods or services for any business purpose that is not specifically authorized; further or promote any criminal activity or enterprise or provide instructional information about illegal activities; or obtain or attempt to access or otherwise obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available or provided for through the Service. Fees: To the extent the Service or any portion thereof is made available for any fee, you will be required to select a payment plan and provide Swarm information regarding your credit card or other payment instrument. You represent and warrant to Swarm that such information is true and that you are authorized to use the payment instrument.  You will promptly update your account information with any changes (for example, a change in your billing address or credit card expiration date) that may occur.  You agree to pay Swarm the amount that is specified in the payment plan in accordance with the terms of such plan and these Terms of Service.  We reserve the right to change Swarm's prices. Your continued use of the Service after the price change becomes effective constitutes your agreement to pay the changed amount.  You shall be responsible for all taxes associated with Services other than U.S. taxes based on Swarm's net income.\par
\par
Special Notice for International Use; Export Controls: Software (defined below) available in connection with the Service and the transmission of applicable data, if any, is subject to United States export controls.  No Software may be downloaded from the Service or otherwise exported or re-exported in violation of U.S. export laws.  Downloading or using the Software is at your sole risk.  Recognizing the global nature of the Internet, you agree to comply with all local rules and laws regarding your use of the Service, including as it concerns online conduct and acceptable content.    \par
\par
Commercial Use: Unless otherwise expressly authorized herein or in the Service, you agree not to display, distribute, license, perform, publish, reproduce, duplicate, copy, create derivative works from, modify, sell, resell, exploit, transfer or upload for any commercial purposes, any portion of the Service, use of the Service, or access to the Service.  The Service is for your personal use.\par
\par
Intellectual Property Rights\par
\par
Service Content, Software and Trademarks: You acknowledge and agree that the Service may contain content or features ("Service Content") that are protected by copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret or other proprietary rights and laws.  Except as expressly authorized by Swarm, you agree not to modify, copy, frame, scrape, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute or create derivative works based on the Service or the Service Content, in whole or in part.  In connection with your use of the Service you will not engage in or use any data mining, robots, scraping or similar data gathering or extraction methods.  Any use of the Service or the Service Content other than as specifically authorized herein is strictly prohibited.  The technology and software underlying the Service or distributed in connection therewith is the property of Swarm, our affiliates and our partners (the "Software").  You agree not to copy, modify, create a derivative work of, reverse engineer, reverse assemble or otherwise attempt to discover any source code, sell, assign, sublicense, or otherwise transfer any right in the Software.  Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved by Swarm.\par
\par
The Swarm name and logos are trademarks and service marks of Swarm (collectively the "Swarm Trademarks"). Other company, product, and service names and logos used and displayed via the Service may be trademarks or service marks of their respective owners who may or may not endorse or be affiliated with or connected to Swarm. Nothing in this Terms of Service or the Service should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any of Swarm Trademarks displayed on the Service, without our prior written permission in each instance. All goodwill generated from the use of Swarm Trademarks will inure to our exclusive benefit.\par
\par
Third Party Material:  Under no circumstances will Swarm be liable in any way for any content or materials of any third parties (including users), including, but not limited to, for any errors or omissions in any content, or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any such content.  You acknowledge that Swarm does not pre-screen content, but that Swarm and its designees will have the right (but not the obligation) in their sole discretion to refuse or remove any content that is available via the Service. Without limiting the foregoing, Swarm and its designees will have the right to remove any content that violates these Terms of Service or is deemed by Swarm, in its sole discretion, to be otherwise objectionable. You agree that you must evaluate, and bear all risks associated with, the use of any content, including any reliance on the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of such content.\par
\par
User Feedback:  You acknowledge and agree that any questions, comments, suggestions, ideas, feedback or other information about the Service ("Submissions"), provided by you to Swarm are non-confidential and Swarm will be entitled to the unrestricted use and dissemination of these Submissions for any purpose, commercial or otherwise, without acknowledgment or compensation to you.\par
\par
You acknowledge and agree that Swarm may preserve content and may also disclose content if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process, applicable laws or government requests; (b) enforce these Terms of Service; (c) respond to claims that any content violates the rights of third parties; or (d) protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Swarm, its users and the public. You understand that the technical processing and transmission of the Service, including your content, may involve (a) transmissions over various networks; and (b) changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices.\par
\par
Third Party Websites\par
\par
The Service may provide, or third parties may provide, links or other access to other sites, resources on the Internet and/or third party provided content such as coupons and promotional media. Because Swarm has no control over such sites and resources and content and materials, you agree and acknowledge that Swarm is not responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources and content and materials and does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any content, advertising, coupons, products or other materials made available from such sites or resources.  You further acknowledge and agree that Swarm will not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any content, events, goods or services available on or through any such site or resource.   Any dealings you have with third parties found while using the Service are between you and the third party, and you agree that Swarm is not liable for any loss or claim that you may have against any such third party.\par
\par
Indemnity and Release\par
\par
You agree to release, indemnify and hold Swarm and its affiliates and their officers, employees, directors and agent harmless from any from any and all losses, damages, expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees, rights, claims, actions of any kind and injury (including death) arising out of or relating to your use of the Service, your connection to the Service, your violation of these Terms of Service or your violation of any rights of another.  If you are a California resident, you waive California Civil Code Section 1542, which says: "A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his favor at the time of executing the release, which if known by him must have materially affected his settlement with the debtor." If you are a resident of another jurisdiction, you waive any comparable statute or doctrine.\par
\par
Disclaimer of Warranties\par
\par
YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS. COMPANY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.\par
\par
COMPANY MAKES NO WARRANTY THAT (I) THE SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, (II) THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE, (III) THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE SERVICE WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE, OR (IV) THE QUALITY OF ANY PRODUCTS, SERVICES, INFORMATION, OR OTHER MATERIAL PURCHASED OR OBTAINED BY YOU THROUGH THE SERVICE WILL MEET YOUR EXPECTATIONS.\par
\par
Limitation of Liability\par
\par
YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT COMPANY WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, OR DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF GOODWILL, USE, DATA OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES (EVEN IF COMPANY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES), WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, RESULTING FROM: (I) THE USE OR THE INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICE; (II) THE COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS AND SERVICES RESULTING FROM ANY GOODS, DATA, INFORMATION OR SERVICES PURCHASED OR OBTAINED OR MESSAGES RECEIVED OR TRANSACTIONS ENTERED INTO THROUGH OR FROM THE SERVICE; (III) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR ALTERATION OF YOUR TRANSMISSIONS OR DATA; (IV) STATEMENTS OR CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY ON THE SERVICE; OR (V) ANY OTHER MATTER RELATING TO THE SERVICE. IN NO EVENT WILL COMPANY'S TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ALL DAMAGES, LOSSES OR CAUSES OF ACTION EXCEED THE AMOUNT YOU HAVE PAID COMPANY IN THE LAST SIX (6) MONTHS, OR, IF GREATER, ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS ($100). \par
\par
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES OR THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. ACCORDINGLY, SOME OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS SET FORTH ABOVE MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IF YOU ARE DISSATISFIED WITH ANY PORTION OF THE SERVICE OR WITH THESE TERMS OF SERVICE, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IS TO DISCONTINUE USE OF THE SERVICE.\par
\par
Arbitration\par
\par
At Swarm's or your election, all disputes, claims, or controversies arising out of or relating to the Terms of Service or the Service that are not resolved by mutual agreement may be resolved by binding arbitration to be conducted before JAMS, or its successor.  Unless otherwise agreed by the parties, arbitration will be held in San Francisco County, California before a single arbitrator mutually agreed upon by the parties, or if the parties cannot mutually agree, a single arbitrator appointed by JAMS, and will be conducted in accordance with the rules and regulations promulgated by JAMS unless specifically modified in the Terms of Service.  The arbitration must commence within forty-five (45) days of the date on which a written demand for arbitration is filed by either party.  The arbitrator's decision and award will be made and delivered within sixty (60) days of the conclusion of the arbitration and within six (6) months of the selection of the arbitrator.  The arbitrator will not have the power to award damages in excess of the limitation on actual compensatory, direct damages set forth in the Terms of Service and may not multiply actual damages or award punitive damages or any other damages that are specifically excluded under the Terms of Service, and each party hereby irrevocably waives any claim to such damages.  The arbitrator may, in his or her discretion, assess costs and expenses (including the reasonable legal fees and expenses of the prevailing part) against any party to a proceeding.  Any party refusing to comply with an order of the arbitrators will be liable for costs and expenses, including attorneys' fees, incurred by the other party in enforcing the award.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of temporary or preliminary injunctive relief, any party may proceed in court without prior arbitration for the purpose of avoiding immediate and irreparable harm.  The provisions of this arbitration section will be enforceable in any court of competent jurisdiction.\par
\par
Termination\par
\par
You agree that Swarm, in its sole discretion, may suspend or terminate your use of the Service and remove and discard any content within the Service, for any reason, including, without limitation, for lack of use or if Swarm believes that you have violated or acted inconsistently with the letter or spirit of these Terms of Service. Any suspected fraudulent, abusive or illegal activity that may be grounds for termination of your use of Service, may be referred to appropriate law enforcement authorities. Swarm may also in its sole discretion and at any time discontinue providing the Service, or any part thereof, with or without notice. You agree that any termination of your access to the Service under any provision of this Terms of Service may be effected without prior notice, and acknowledge and agree that Swarm may immediately deactivate or delete your account and all related information and files in your account and/or bar any further access to such files or the Service. Further, you agree that Swarm will not be liable to you or any third party for any termination of your access to the Service.\par
\par
User Disputes\par
\par
You agree that you are solely responsible for your interactions with any other user in connection with the Service and Swarm will have no liability or responsibility with respect thereto.  Swarm reserves the right, but has no obligation, to become involved in any way with disputes between you and any other user of the Service.\par
\par
General\par
\par
These Terms of Service constitute the entire agreement between you and Swarm and govern your use of the Service, superseding any prior agreements between you and Swarm with respect to the Service. You also may be subject to additional terms and conditions that may apply when you use affiliate or third-party services, third-party content or third-party software. These Terms of Service will be governed by the laws of the State of California without regard to its conflict of law provisions. With respect to any disputes or claims not subject to arbitration, as set forth above, you and Swarm agree to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located within San Francisco County, California.  The failure of Swarm to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms of Service will not constitute a waiver of such  right or provision. If any provision of these Terms of Service is found by  a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless  agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties'  intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of  these Terms of Service remain in full force and effect. You agree that  regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of  action arising out of or related to use of the Service or these Terms of  Service must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of  action arose or be forever barred. A printed version of this agreement and  of any notice given in electronic form will be admissible in judicial or  administrative proceedings based upon or relating to this agreement to the  same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents  and records originally generated and maintained in printed form. You may  not assign this Terms of Service without the prior written consent of  Swarm, but Swarm may assign or transfer this Terms of Service, in whole or  in part, without restriction. The section titles in these Terms of Service  are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect. Notices  to you may be made via either email or regular mail. The Service may also  provide notices to you of changes to these Terms of Service or other  matters by displaying notices or links to notices generally on the Service.\par
\par
Your Privacy \par
\par
At Swarm, we respect the privacy of our users. For details please see our  Privacy Policy.  By using the Service, you consent to our collection and  use of personal data as outlined therein.\par
\par
Questions?  Concerns?  Suggestions?\par
\par
Please contact us at info@swarm-mobile.com to report any violations of  these Terms of Service or to pose any questions regarding this Terms of  Service or the Service.\par
}
 